Yeah.
So let's put this problem quickly.
These simple and.
Let's take this racism, then.
Let's take it as an input.
It's the end.
Is this end pricing?
There is one three.
All five.
Seven nine.
1011.
Eight.
Let's dig in.
And big prices.
Prices.
And.
It has been put.
The in crisis.
The one thing that we can do is instead of racism, let's take a different one.
And it's a process when, you know, it's basically I'm just taking it as one based index.
But then we don't get confused later.
The prices one will be equal to the price for one.
And right now what I can do is I can simply call DP instead of DP.
You can alternate getting.
What the works.
So this is not getting function.
What will it give?
I will pass and do it.
I will pass prices added to it.
And is there anything I must know?
And in prices is enough.
I guess it will give me the best, the maximum amount of getting this end according to this basis.
Eight bullets.
I tried cutting lipstick and and lipstick.
This prices area by.
See my reference because otherwise it will, you know, copy it.
And all those clapping will take a lot of names.
So what are the next steps?
Next step is nothing.
We have already formed a recursive relation.
And that is this.
So.
Yeah, it's.
It's family dancing, a little sick, answering zero, answering nothing but maximoff and the coma of
all the possible options.
I will go from one to in.
I'm getting it out into I right now and the rest remaining will again while you're not cutting and it
will automatically give us the answer.
But if I'm cutting the in so I will.
Price is a less.
Start getting.
And in not getting what I should and minus a firstly because now the remaining length of the road is
an minus eight because I wanted to get in by and including the prices.
And the second is like just pass the price pricing that as it is.
But passing the error doesn't take up doesn't take time because.
Also, it is not a variable, it is just an additive which I am just passing so that I can use it.
Values.
Well and yeah.
Well, this is hard getting in minus eight and I'm passing the prices, I'm taking the maximum on them.
And finally what I'll do is I'll return the answer, whatever is the maximum.
Well, what are the biscuits here?
Biscuits is simple.
When end it is zero.
Ultimately written zero.
Because right of zero land is zero.
Right, because there's nothing to get the there won't be any amount that is generated.
I hope this is very clear.
It's believed once.
Okay.
So here we can see the best answer is 12 eight and the.
In the goals section in the end of the course.
I have also, you know, shared some tips and tricks on how you can backtrack the solution of any dynamic
programming problem.
If you are writing it enabling solution, you have got the best answer.
But how is this answer coming like?
In this case I have this drill, but I do not know what I need.
That in which guards I'm getting this rather planted so that I'm getting the.
But even that I can derive or derive from this deepest obligation, and I've shared that in the tapes
and dissection, you're going to do that for any of the dynamic programming solution by using the approach
that I have mentioned.
And by that, you can easily understand and I mean I will suggest you to try it that you can understand
it, and what better time dividing it so that I'm getting this.
Hate and good natured memorization.
You guys are.
Tell me, what is the dude said?
There's only one student.
This is just an error that I'm passing.
I could have even taken this area as a global variable.
So it's this bus logistic memo and what is Anya and is the end of the road.
So it can be use land.
Because now we can see that this broadcasting is a.
One dimensional problem.
If it is a one dimensional problem, then dimensions can be huge.
It's a.
The problem is off and.
The solution is of an overall friend being after memories to later memorize it.
I will simply say from when is an article two minus one written memo in.
Device IP this.
Basted.
Before calling the function.
Let me just.
It is one.
Memo eight.
Something I missed.
Acute care.
Instead of their litigated.
Well, this isn't a win solution because I memorized it.
So this end would be calculated.
Exactly one thing.
And now.
This one important thing that I want to share the face complexity of the solution is when.
But the time complexity liquidated.
This complexity is win, but the time complexity of the solution is and complexity is off.
And in doing my.
Why?
Because we have end state.
I agree.
We are calculating all end states exactly 1.8.
But.
We have a for a look inside.
That means we are doing an orphanage stroke.
Often extra work inside each.
Inside each state we have answered and for all good.
And instead I'm having this follow up.
I'm having a Burghoff and lind land.
In that case, what happens is this complexity the in but the tango complexity then increases two and
square eight.
So the complexity of the targeting problem is and square but it is a the problem rate base conflict.
This is when it is a one dimensionality problem it is only one state.
But inside that state I'm doing some extra work, but I hope you understand this that not all problems
will be un it can be when squared as well in the complexity.
Of course they have one state, but and complexity varies depending on the work that I do inside.
It.
So.
Then sit and see in the next part.